​[MUSIC] ​In many situations, we need to demonstrate validity of assertions. ​For example, you are a venture capitalist and ​is proposed a project running 36 months. ​With 36 months data at hand, should you invest in this project? ​Suppose you will invest if average monthly profit is over 20,000. ​This question is not to ask you to estimate some parameters. ​Instead, you need to make a judgement whether the condition is satisfied. ​We need a new statistic tool, hypothesis testing. 
​This is a daily close price of Apple from 2007 to 2018. ​It looks like the price is in an upward trend and ​we may guess the average of daily return is positive. ​However, if we plot the daily return directly, ​the daily return goes positive, negative. ​And our assertion that the average of daily return is positive is not obvious. ​It is also not obvious whether the average of daily return is 0 or not. ​In the histogram daily return, it is approximately symmetric above 0. ​It is still not obvious whether the average daily return is different from 0. 
​We want to use a quantitative statistical tool to make judgement ​about the assertion that the average daily return is not 0. ​In statistics, hypothesis testing can use sample information ​to test the validity of conjectures about these parameters. ​Let's start with hypothesis testing. ​The first step is to set hypothesis. ​We have null hypothesis and alternative hypothesis. ​Usually, the null hypothesis is assertion we are against. ​Alternative hypothesis is a conclusion we accept whenever we reject the null. 
​Hence in our example, ​the null is population mean, the average daily return is 0. ​In alternative hypothesis, average daily return is not equal to 0. ​Whether to reject or not reject null hypothesis is a sample based decision. ​Intuitionally, given that the null is correct, the difference between sample ​statistic, x-bar, and the population parameter mu cannot be very large. ​If it's significantly large, ​the null should be incorrect, and we should accept alternative. ​To measure the magnitude of difference, we also need to consider the standard ​deviation of the sample, because the sample with a large standard deviation ​usually its magnitude is larger, hence we need to do standardization. ​If we know population standard deviation, ​the standardized sample mean we denote as z-hat, and the z-distribution, ​if population is normal, or it's sample size large. 
​If a z-hat is far away from 0, then null is not likely to be true. ​In hypothesis testing, we start with assumption that the null is correct. ​Hence, we know population mean is equal to 0. ​But in most situations, population standard deviation is not known. ​Then we can replace population standard deviation ​with the sample standard deviation. ​Then this new term denoted as t-hat, has a new distribution, t-distribution. ​Similar to z-distribution, ​t is a symmetric with respect to 0 and a bell-shaped. 
​The difference lies in the tail. ​T-distribution had flat tails which implies t has ​a higher chance to take the values in the two tails. ​The t-distribution is a dependent on the degree of freedom. ​In our example, the degree of freedom is equal to the degree of freedom ​of the sample standard deviation, which is n-1. ​As the sample size increases, the degree of freedom increases, and ​the t is more and more like z-distribution. ​So with a large sample, we can treat t as if it is a z-distribution. ​We will use a t-distribution in next topic. 
​With large sample, ​t-hat follows z-distribution hence we denote this statistic using z-hat too. ​To emphasize that, it follows z-distribution. ​We can compute z-hat using Python. ​X-bar is sample mean, average daily return. ​S is sample standard deviation, n is a sample size. ​Z-hat equal to 2.5897 It's a standardized statistics. ​We use mu equal to 0 because we assume the null is correct at the beginning. 
​If z-hat is different from 0 significantly, we can infer that this ​sample is not sampled for the population with mean equal to 0. ​Then, we can reject the null. ​How do we find the significance level? ​We use the probability on the two tails of a z-distribution. ​we fixed the significance level, for example, alpha equal to 5%, ​which is the probability for z to take the values of some demands of the two tails? ​We can see that these two demands is z less ​than -1.96 and z bigger 1.96. ​-1.96 and positive 1.96 are 2.5% and ​97.5% quantiles of z. ​These two demands are called rejection regions and ​this kind of test is called two-tailed test. ​If statistic z-hat falls into rejection region, ​we can tell that statistics is far away from 0, ​significantly and then we can reject the null. 
​Here, we should notice that z-hat is also possible to take ​values in rejection region even if the null is correct, and the mu equal to 0. ​This chance is equal to alpha 5%. ​In other words, we have a 5% chance to reject null wrongly. ​This is called a type 1 error, and the probability of a type 1 error is ​identical to the level of significance level. ​If a significance level is small, the probability of a type 1 error is smaller. ​Here, we demonstrate how to get the quantiles ​which is also called critical values. ​Alpha equal to 5% is a given hence, ​norm.ppf can be applied to get the quantiles. 
​In the print, we use a bold number to generate whether to reject or ​not directly. ​Hence, our final conclusion, we will reject null hypothesis and ​the average daily return is not equal to 0. ​Our conclusion may be wrong but it happens only with 5% probability. ​We may want to further demonstrate that the average return is in fact positive. ​We need another kind of test, one-tail test. ​In one tail test, the null is the average daily return is less than or ​equal to 0, which we are against. ​The alternative hypothesis, the average daily return is positive. 
​First, we take a mu equal to 0. ​We still need to standardize sample mean, ​which is average daily return in the sample. ​If z-hat is significantly large, ​which implies that sample mean is a positive comparing to mu equal to 0. ​Hence, it is not likely to be sampled from population, which may equal to 0. ​It is also not likely to be sampled from population with negative mu. ​Similarly, we fix significance level alpha, and ​identify rejection region using z-distribution, ​which is z-hat is larger than z-alpha. ​Using Python, we can show that the null is rejected under 5%. 
​It means that the average daily return of a population is indeed positive. ​From this result, we do need a quantitative statistic tool to validate ​our assertion in addition to visualize the data. Conclusion, ​For population mean, ​we have these three kinds of hypothesis in the regression criteria. ​For different kinds of hypothesis, the criterion is different. ​A more popular way of testing is to compute p-value. ​We know that given that null is correct, ​standardized sample mean follows z-distribution. ​What is the probability for this distribution to take a more ​extreme value than our observation in given sample? 
​This is a p-value, if p is less than alpha which is a threshold, ​it means that the null is unlikely to be true. ​With p-value, we only need to compare it with alpha ​although the way to compute p is different. ​Here's a demonstration of p-value approach, ​in two-tailed test, abs is to compute the absolute value. ​We use norm.cdf to compute cumulative probability. ​In this video, we discussed another quantitative tool which is applied to ​validate assertion about population. ​In next topic, we will use all knowledge we learned in topic two and ​three to explore relationship among different variables ​to build a prediction model in stock market. ​And finally, evaluate the performance of our models. 